* Durable Functions:
    - Types:
        -  Orchestrator functions
            - Orchestrator functions describe how actions are executed and the order in which actions are executed. Orchestrator functions describe the orchestration in code (C# or JavaScript) as shown in Durable Functions application patterns. An orchestration can have many different types of actions, including activity functions, sub-orchestrations, waiting for external events, HTTP, and timers. Orchestrator functions can also interact with entity functions.
        - Activity functions
            - Activity functions are the basic unit of work in a durable function orchestration. Activity functions are the functions and tasks that are orchestrated in the process. These activity functions may be executed serially, in parallel, or some combination of both.
            - You can trigger an activity function only from an orchestrator function.
        - Entity functions
            - Entity functions define operations for reading and updating small pieces of state. We often refer to these stateful entities as durable entities. Like orchestrator functions, entity functions are functions with a special trigger type, entity trigger. They can also be invoked from client functions or from orchestrator functions. Unlike orchestrator functions, entity functions do not have any specific code constraints. Entity functions also manage state explicitly rather than implicitly representing state via control flow.
        - Client functions
            - Orchestrator functions are triggered by an orchestration trigger binding and entity functions are triggered by an entity trigger binding. Both of these triggers work by reacting to messages that are enqueued into a task hub. The primary way to deliver these messages is by using an orchestrator client binding or an entity client binding from within a client function. Any non-orchestrator function can be a client function. For example, You can trigger the orchestrator from an HTTP-triggered function, an Azure Event Hub triggered function, etc. What makes a function a client function is its use of the durable client output binding.
            - Unlike other function types, orchestrator and entity functions cannot be triggered directly using the buttons in the Azure Portal. If you want to test an orchestrator or entity function in the Azure Portal, you must instead run a client function that starts an orchestrator or entity function as part of its implementation. For the simplest testing experience, a manual trigger function is recommended.